    Welcome, everyone! Today, I'm excited to introduce you to Swappr, a house swapping app, designed to make finding the perfect home swap quick and easy.

    The inspiration behind this app came from the daily struggles of commuting in my city, Thessaloniki. With heavy traffic jams caused by ongoing road reconstructions, I realized there had to be a better solution. That's when the idea of a house swapping app struck me. Imagine being able to find a home closer to work or commerce areas, simply by swapping with someone else in need. That's the vision behind Swappr.

    Now, let me walk you through the app. First, we'll start by signing up. Here, you can see the simple interface as I fill in my details and create my account. Swappr will redirect you to the dashboard page. As you can see a new account initially has no submitted house and it's suggested to submit one to use the app properly. But let's try to use Swappr as it is for now.

    You may search the submitted houses in the public database. Let's adjust the house characteristics filtering to look for a flat between 60 to 80 square meters size, a rental between 450 to 600 euros, with 2 or 3 bedrooms and 1 bathroom. As for the location let's look for such a house in Thessaloniki in the municipality of Pylaia.
    
    Keep in mind that as long as you don't have a submitted house yourself, the matching algorithm won't work. Swappr will just throw you every house in a non-sorted list according to the filtering options you chose.

    Next, I'll submit my house details. From the type of property to the number of bedrooms and bathrooms, Swappr allows you to provide all the necessary information to find the perfect match. Let's say that my house is a flat of 80 square meters size, with a rental of 450 euros, with 2 bedrooms and 1 bathroom. It is located in Thessaloniki, Polichni, at Meteora region and I'm looking for matching houses in Thessaloniki, Triandia.

    Finally, let's search for house matches. Thanks to Swappr matching algorithm, finding potential swaps is effortless. The search results are populated in a best-to-worse list in a green, blue, to yellow, row coloring, according to your house's characteristics. Clicking on the house location, Swappr uses Google maps to show you the region's borders.

    You may also change the tolerance of the matching algorithm. This way, Swappr will populate even more matching houses, but the more the tolerance the more the deviation from your house's characteristics.

    Of course you can filter your search by location, size, and more, ensuring you find the ideal match for your needs.

    And there you have it! A house swapping app in action, revolutionizing the way we find our new homes. Stay tuned for more updates and happy swapping!tts/swapprPresentationTranscriptBrian.wav